update contributing guide (#198)
flatironinstitute/nemos: docs/developers_notes/04-regularizer.md

Reviewer: Example usage is inconsistent now: why do only grouplasso and ridge have examples? I don't think example usage belongs in the developer guide -- it should be user-facing. as I say that, I'm not sure that the description of each regularizer belongs here either. the example usage and "what they do" / "when to use" info feels like they belong in that docs page we keep talking about (#199 ), and the description of their methods is already covered in the code references part of the docs.

so maybe this just needs the abstract class and a brief "how to write your own" description, like base regressor?

Reviewer 2: removed the content that was concrete class specific

- **Must** define a default solver and a tuple of allowed solvers.
- **May** require extra initialization parameters, like the `mask` argument of `GroupLasso`.

> !!! tip
>     It is important to verify that minimizing the penalized loss directly or through the proximal operator  
>     with the `ProximalGradient` algorithm result in the same model parameters on a convex problem (up to numerical 
>     precision). When the regularization scheme is differentiable, you can use `GradientDescent` over the penalized 
>     loss. For non-smooth penalization, you can use non-gradient based method like `Nelder-Mead` 
>     from [`scipy.optimize.minimize`](https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/optimize.minimize-neldermead.html). 
>     You can refer to NeMoS `test_lasso_convergence` from `tests/test_convergence.py` for a concrete implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! info
    When adding a new regularizer, you must include a convergence test, which verifies that
    the model parameters the regularizer finds for a convex problem such as the GLM are identical
    whether one minimizes the penalized loss directly and uses the proximal operator (i.e., when
    using `ProximalGradient`). In practice, this means you should test the result of the `ProximalGradient`
    optimization against that of either `GradientDescent` (if your regularization is differentiable) or
    `Nelder-Mead` from [`scipy.optimize.minimize`](https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/optimize.minimize-neldermead.html) 
    (or another non-gradient based method, if your regularization is non-differentiable). You can refer to NeMoS `test_lasso_convergence`
    from `tests/test_convergence.py` for a concrete example.

```
